hello to all the same inform you that
the title omitted only for
attract your attention but not
despair this video will still be
better
in fact in this video I will teach you
how to receive a cycle of visits on
youtube without having a talent
obviously you will tell me oh well but it is
possible to make a video receiving thousand
views without having an appointment
without having any original idea for
at least, unfortunately, that method does
exists you know what that method is
really reliving what that method is
Well start thinking about why
knows that in this video
at this exact moment you have seen the
usually before the 10-year-old child who
says 3 caxxate on youtube presents by
have tv2 answer to see the various ones
parodies that have done no matter if
you feel that if you had it you have more than
twenty years that the guy that summer
mocking just finished the fifth
elementary does not matter if at this age
you should not know what things they do
those of 23 years of age
at the university to find a job
create hobbies try a girl
in any case if you wall this thing
you will become famous but then now
indicate the steps more or less even though
the first step is not there for the steps
is to see if a video of a child a
random of the southern cousins ​​at least ten
friends on your facebook in less than an hour
if that happens, dedicate one of those
videos that all explode but tricolor
will pick the asshole I can believe
that there are people so stupid and after three
days they all forget the second thing
think of a webcam, a video camera
whatever cameras you need to be
sure to be the first in the first
absolute why we remained crimi will be
another one they will make the parodies were
progressively less visualization
in short, everything you need to do to
example in the case of the girl will be
put something to act as
wig but if you don't want you can too
don't put it I only have this not
I want to go and buy a wig
honestly now it's all you need
do this will not worry mom
not only was step a bit of everyone now
inspired that love is in charge
this and that one here because second
me to do this in this other
equity between and after doing this
would become youtube idols
everyone will cheer you on this
they can do it all for children up
to adults the worrying thing in
last gates do or in
alternative buys for which so few
team and you can make a video of them
no need for the content to be
too deep or too funny
doing the most trivial things and discounted
to the eye of all they could
come to mind for example that I have
I'm against 98 vials I could do a
video response to the girl who did
the pit and how to find the boy i
I think these were there
now they are becoming illiterate
because they no longer know Italian eo
my god, I would never have said it if not
were it for you and doing things precisely
you will become a youtube star where
be thinking that this video is
ironic something joking not me
i really hate these people hate
seriously these people you are
watching this video I'm referring to it
to you who if you go looking for a video
of the genus and that you repent chi benji